docs: add introduction of jina hub website (#3411)
jina-ai/jina: docs/advanced/experimental/hub.md

> # Jina Hub Website

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Jina Hub Catalog Page
```

> Jina Hub is a **decentralized** Executor marketplace, which means everyone can produce their own Executors. You can check previous [tutorial](/advanced/hub/) if you forget how to create and use one Executor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hub is a marketplace for Executors. It allows everyone to share their Executors and use others' Executors. You can check the previous [tutorial](/advanced/hub/) if you want to rehearse the creation of an Executor.
```

> Hub is a marketplace for Executors. It allows everyone to share their Executors and use others' Executors. You can check the previous [tutorial](/advanced/hub/) if you want to rehearse the creation of an Executor.

Reviewer 2: It is recommended to use the new `{ref}` syntax instead of relying on paths. Check its usage in other pages. It's a safer way to maintain links

Author: Where is the `{ref}` syntax from? I searched it but seems neither in pradyunsg.me nor markdown. Just wonder how it works.

Reviewer 2: https://myst-parser.readthedocs.io/en/latest/syntax/syntax.html#targets-and-cross-referencing

> [Jina Hub website](https://hub.jina.ai) is the portal of Jina Hub. You can walk around here and find Executors that can really help you!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Hub catalog page](https://hub.jina.ai) is the portal of all Hub Executors. You can walk around here and find Executors that can help you to build your neural search applications.
```

> ## List Page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Catalog Page
```

> [Hub portal](https://hub.jina.ai) gives you a birdview of all Hub Executors. You can walk around here and find Executors that can help you to build your neural search applications.

Reviewer 2: Either "bird's eye view" or just simple "general overview"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Hub portal](https://hub.jina.ai) gives you a birdview of all Hub Executors. You can explore and find Executors that can help you to build your neural search applications.
```

> ## Catalog Page

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Catalogue Page
```

> The very first and main page is a list of all Executors produced by all Jina developers in the world.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The very first and main page is a list of all Executors created by all Jina developers all over the world.
```

```{figure} ../../../.github/hub-website-list.png
:align: center
```

> You can browse in two different sorts by switching the tab. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can sort by switching the tab. 
```

> - Popular: based on how much people like it and how many downloads it have.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Popular: based on how much people like it and how many downloads it has.
```

> - Recent: based on recent update time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Recent: based on update time.
```

> If you want to search some specific Executor or some Executors for specific domain, then search is the right thing to use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can search by name or by domain:
```

Keep the sentences simpler

> You can type plain text to the search input to search specific Executor:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can type plain text in the search input to search specific Executor:
```

```{figure} ../../../.github/hub-website-search-1.png
:align: center
```

You can also type some text prefixed with character `:`, such as `:image` to search all Executors that are related to image search domain.

```{figure} ../../../.github/hub-website-search-2.png
:align: center
```

## Detail Page

> Congrats you have found some Executors that you are interested! Then how to get more detail about this Executor? Such as description and parameters of this Executor. You can find it all in Detail Page. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Congrats! You have found some Executors that interest you! But how do you get more detail about these Executors? You can find it all in Detail Page. 
```

```{figure} ../../../.github/hub-website-detail.png
:align: center
```

> There are several tabs you can explore: Readme, Arguments, Tag and Dependencies.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are several tabs you can explore: README, Arguments, Tag and Dependencies.
```

> Readme introduces basic information about this Executor, how this Executor works internally, it's basic usage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
README introduces basic information about this Executor, how this Executor works internally, it's basic usage.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Readme introduces basic information about this Executor, how this Executor works internally, its basic usage.
```

> Arguments describes detailed API of this Executor. It's auto generated by Python docstring. So it's always synced with the codebase. And the Executor producers don't need to write it separately.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Arguments describes detailed API of this Executor. It's generated automatically from Python docstrings. So it's always in sync with the code base. The Executor producers don't need to write it themselves.
```

```{figure} ../../../.github/hub-website-detail-arguments.png
:align: center
```

> Tag lists all the available tags this Executor has, you can choose one of them. And it also give the code snippet to simplify your usage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Tag lists all the available tags this Executor has. You can choose one of them. It also gives a code snippet to simplify your usage.
```
